so another crazy thing happened to me
recently it was a sunday morning
and i fried eggs for breakfast but
something was definitely wrong
i wasn't sure if it was the eggs or me
though now you've tried fried eggs right
they normally taste like you know eggs
but that time
along with the eggs i could also taste
lemon vanilla yogurt and even some paper
and it's not as good as you might think
yogurt tastes nice by itself
but together with eggs it's gross
whatever was the reason
i decided i'd be okay with just a tea
for that day
but as soon as i tried it i spat it out
what is that did i put a spoonful of
black pepper there
i needed some water asap i got a glass
and
thankfully it was just a regular glass
of water
i tried to eat some strawberries but
along with the normal strawberry taste
they had a taste of hot chili that's not
a good combination to be honest
it looked like something happened to all
of the food in the house
i also had an orange juice so i drank a
glass of it
surprisingly it tasted totally fine
suddenly i got a weird thought do i
taste
colors it was so crazy and strange that
i needed to check this theory
immediately
i admit i licked the white back of my
cell phone
but it really did taste like vanilla
yogurt just like the egg
so it was true i could taste colors
that would mix with every foods original
taste and
mess it up i wanted to go to the doctor
but
although this new superpower was weird
it was still a bit exciting
also i couldn't wait to figure out what
other tastes are like
so i went to a store and got myself a
pack of markers
i got to the table opened the yellow one
and licked it
it did taste like lemon so i licked each
one and made a list
pink tasted like strawberry red was
chili
orange wasn't orange blue was very
bitter
light blue was salty and violet was
blueberry
black was black pepper beige nutmus
gray paper and green tasted like
puke well i had to conclude i don't eat
green food from now on
not that i was really sad about it
though only one color was left
the brown one i was very reluctant to
try it
but i had to figure it out to my relief
it had the taste of coffee now i don't
like coffee
but it could be worse i knew i had to go
see my doctor but i
kind of wanted to live with this
superpower for a while it doesn't happen
to you every day you know
so i decided i'll go to the doctor
tomorrow
and today i had to learn how to live
with this ability
i had to avoid putting in my mouth
anything black
gray blue and green not only food but
the dishes and cutlery as well
and i had to figure out what food i can
actually eat
because i didn't like strawberries that
tasted like chili pepper
so i went to the store to get some
transparent dishes
while walking i was thinking about my
menu for today
orange juice works strawberry vanilla
and lemon yogurt too
i can make a fruit salad with mango
raspberries grapes banana and yogurt
but that was all i could come up with as
i was thinking
i was biting my lip and found out it
tasted like strawberry
in the store it was pretty easy to find
a transparent bowl
but spoons and forks were a problem i
think i went to every store in my city
until i could finally find them
as soon as i got back home i cut all the
fruits and made a fruit salad
i hadn't eaten much that morning as you
remember honestly
it was the best salad ever i saved some
money
because i didn't have to buy berries
oranges and lemons but the taste was
there
as i was enjoying my meal the phone rang
it was my grandma
and she invited me for dinner that
evening i tried to say i couldn't make
it but
she wouldn't listen grandmas you know
it's just impossible to skip when they
want to feed you
so she said she didn't want to hear any
excuses
and that i had to be at her house by six
this man i couldn't wait until tomorrow
i had to go to the doctor right then
and get rid of this superpower before my
grandma made me eat puke
and drink tea with black pepper i
checked the time
i had only 20 minutes before my doctor
left and the clinic was several blocks
away
i finished my salad and ran out of the
apartment
i got to the clinic just five minutes
before a close for the day
and asked if my doctor could see me
because i had an emergency
to my relief he agreed when i told him
that i could taste colors
he looked at me puzzled and probably
thought it was a stupid prank
then i told him the whole story about
the fried egg for breakfast and how i
bought and tasted all the markers
that violet was blueberry and green was
not an apple as he might have thought
that i spent hours trying to find a
transparent spoon and fork
to be honest in my head it sounded
better and was making much
more sense the doctor was silent and
kind of suspicious
he measured my temperature my blood
pressure and looked at my mouth
so you've been eating markers he smiled
oops i guess my tongue was the color of
a rainbow
well that really doesn't sound normal
for a grown-up the doctor
obviously didn't believe me so he just
let me go
recommending a good night's sleep so i
guess i was stuck with it
and i had to go to grandma's
unfortunately there was no way
she'd feed me strawberry yogurt for
dinner i got home to get my new cutlery
so at least i didn't have to taste paper
when eating with my grandma's gray metal
fork
i had another couple of hours so i did
some googling but still couldn't find
any solution or even research on my
condition
i thought that maybe i could wash it off
so i drank a gallon of water
but it didn't help so i went to
grandma's place feeling doomed
plus i really needed to go she was happy
to see me and announced that she had my
favorite broccoli pancakes for me
yeah maybe yesterday they had been my
favorite but
definitely not anymore i tried to say
i'm not hungry and i could just drink
some orange juice
but of course she wouldn't listen she
gave me a plate with five pancakes and a
cup of black tea
suddenly i got an idea of how i could
get rid of at least the pepper taste
if i put a piece of lemon in the tea
i'll get brown
therefore i'll have a coffee tea instead
of a pepper tea
i was lucky my grandma did have the
lemon
so the tea problem was solved but the
worst part was the pancakes
and my grandma was looking at me all
excited and pleased
i had to eat i was trying hard to
control my facial expression
and look very happy as if i was eating
the best food on the
planet even though it was the most
terrible meal in my life
and yes i was drinking a lot of my
coffee tea
well three cups but when i finished and
thank my grandma
she was so happy that i understood
eating puke was worth it
turned out my grandma actually had a
vanilla yogurt
so i ate all she had to get rid of the
taste i still had in my mouth
after the pancakes on my way home
biting my strawberry lip i was thinking
i had to come up with a plan on how to
get rid of this ability
but i couldn't think of anything so as
soon as i got home
i just went to sleep even though it was
only 9 pm
i slept for 11 hours and the next
morning
i made myself a fruit salad with yogurt
again
i guess from then on it was my dish for
the rest of my life
i was eating it with my transparent fork
and watching a tv show
when i suddenly realized i couldn't
taste any lemon there
and no orange as well i bit my lip and
it didn't have a taste anymore
with my hand shaking i opened the fridge
to get my strawberries
i ate one and it tasted like a regular
normal strawberry
no chili pepper everything was back to
normal
like it never happened but i swear it
did
really